All right all right.
I have the folder.
But how do we create our first web page now.
First of all let me just make this bigger again so we can see everything that's happening.
Now second it's easy to see that everything is in very small phones and like I said we will gonna fix
this later.
But just to give you a tip whenever you're working again with Visual Studio code you're going to have
the option of zooming in as you can see right now if I'm press in command and plus or minus I'm zooming
in more I'm zooming out I'm gonna zoom in so we can see really clearly what we're doing but we all gonna
fix this in the next video and we're going to start working with our settings now first and foremost.
We're going to have to create a file.
Now again we have few options.
As you notice here we have a little icon.
And when I'm hovering over it it says that we can create new file or there's another option where we
just right click it on the sidebar.
And again we have multiple options.
And what we're interested that is new file regardless.
The result is gonna be exactly the same that we can create a new file.
Now I want to call my file my first file indexed HDMI.
And both of these things are important.
It's important to call this index as well as it is important to have this extension of HDMI.
Now the reason for HD The Amal extension because there's gonna be different files there's gonna be maybe
not maybe there's actually going to be assessed files later on there's gonna be some JavaScript files
and all kinds of files.
So this tells the browser of what type of file this is gonna be.
Now second the index is important because whenever you're going to download your project or upload your
project on the server this is gonna be your homepage.
So if you're going to home page this is gonna be indexation email if you're gonna have an about page
or contact me page you name this however you'd like but your homepage will going to have to be index
H to email.
Now on the right hand side like I said this would be the space we're all going to be doing all our work
which would be our workspace.
Now since we know that h the email is made up of elements let's create our first two elements and again
we will cover them in bigger detail later on let's just get up and running with our first webpage.
So first of all I would like to have a heading one.
And again the syntax was the opening tag and closing.
Now what's gonna happen with Visual Studio code.
This will automatically to create the closing tag for us.
So we don't need to worry about.
So here I'm gonna say hello world and then let's also add maybe a paragraph.
And again we have an option of just creating the paragraph tags or paragraph element and I'm going to
say this is my first web page.
And again please don't worry I'm gonna go over detail what these things mean in the later videos but
just for now let's get up and running with our first web page.
Now as you noticed right away you have this one as well as you have this little circle here.
Now what this says that you haven't saved the file and again if you would like to save the file you
have two options you can head over to the file and then we can just click on Save as well as it tells
us right away the shortcut which would be commanders.
So either you just press on the file more command less and now we're gonna save the file.
So how do we look at our first webpage.
Well we're going to have to navigate again back to our folder project again.
Call this however you like and notice right now you have this index actually in my file.
However it has this little like on right next to and maybe in your operating system the icon might be
different but the general idea is that we can open up this file in the browser.
So how do we do that.
First of all we can just double click or we have an option of right clicking and noticed it says well
open with more since we already set it up the Google Chrome this is going to open up as a default browser
but the same way would work if you would have a different default browser.
I'm just gonna double click this and this is going to open up in your default browser.
So again since in our case both of them are exactly the same.
It would have the same result regardless.
And sure enough now I have a low world and this is my first web page.
Now again this is not most sophisticated webpage.
However this is a job well done since we created our first web page successfully.